br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/optionals/ExemploOptioalPrimitivos.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.optionals.ExemploOptioalPrimitivos
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/dateFormat/Exemplo001.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.dateFormat.Exemplo001
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/localDateJava8/ExLocalTime.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.localDateJava8.ExLocalTime
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/map/ExemploHashMap.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.map.ExemploHashMap
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/calendar/Exemplo001.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.calendar.Exemplo001
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/dateFormat/Exemplo002.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.dateFormat.Exemplo002
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/comparators/ComparatorsExampleList.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.comparators.ComparatorsExampleList
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/set/ExemploHashSet.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.set.ExemploHashSet
br/ucsal/desenvolvimentoAvancadoJava/interfacesFuncionais/FuncaoAltaOrdem.java
 br.ucsal.desenvolvimentoAvancadoJava.interfacesFuncionais.Calculo
 br.ucsal.desenvolvimentoAvancadoJava.interfacesFuncionais.FuncaoAltaOrdem
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/calendar/Exemplo002.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.calendar.Exemplo002
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/dates/DateClass.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.dates.DateClass
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/set/ExemploTreeSet.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.set.ExemploTreeSet
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/localDateJava8/ExLocalDateTime.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.localDateJava8.ExLocalDateTime
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/list/ExemploList.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.list.ExemploList
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/optionals/ExemploOptional.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.optionals.ExemploOptional
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/list/ExemploList2.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.list.ExemploList2
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/localDateJava8/Exemplo001.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.localDateJava8.Exemplo001
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/comparators/Estudante.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.comparators.Estudante
br/ucsal/workingWithDates/localDateJava8/Exemplo002.java
 br.ucsal.workingWithDates.localDateJava8.Exemplo002
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/queue/ExemploQueue.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.queue.ExemploQueue
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/optionals/ExemploOptionalEstados.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.optionals.ExemploOptionalEstados
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/set/ExemploLinkedHashSet.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.set.ExemploLinkedHashSet
br/ucsal/collections_e_Streams/comparators/EstudanteOrdemIdadeReversaComparator.java
 br.ucsal.collections_e_Streams.comparators.EstudanteOrdemIdadeReversaComparator
br/ucsal/desenvolvimentoAvancadoJava/interfacesFuncionais/Teste.java
 br.ucsal.desenvolvimentoAvancadoJava.interfacesFuncionais.Teste
